Guides: Introduce C Tutorial (#21434)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: examples/README.md

| [twr_aloha](./advanced/twr_aloha/README.md) | This example allows testing different two-way ranging algorithms between two boards supporting a dw1000 device. This makes use of the uwb-core pkg. |
| [senml_saul](./advanced/senml_saul/README.md) | This example demonstrates the usage of the SAUL (Sensor Actuator Uber Layer) module with the SenML (Sensor Measurement Lists) format. |
| [opendsme](./advanced/opendsme/README.md) | This example demonstrates the usage of the OpenDSME module in RIOT. |

> ## Examples for Guides
> 
> | Example | Description |
> |---------|-------------|
> | [creating_project](./guides/creating_project/README.md) | This example is used in the [Create Project](https://guide.riot-os.org/c_tutorials/create_project/) tutorial |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples from Guides

Our guides [link here] walk you through small tutorials to get started. The following examples are the resulting code from completing their respective guide.

| Example | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| [creating_project](./guides/creating_project/README.md) | Teaches you the very first steps. How to setup a RIOT project, build and run a Hello World in it. [Create Project](https://guide.riot-os.org/c_tutorials/create_project/) tutorial |
```

(Adapt the other descriptions as well)

Author: Adjusted

| [twr_aloha](./advanced/twr_aloha/README.md) | This example allows testing different two-way ranging algorithms between two boards supporting a dw1000 device. This makes use of the uwb-core pkg. |
| [senml_saul](./advanced/senml_saul/README.md) | This example demonstrates the usage of the SAUL (Sensor Actuator Uber Layer) module with the SenML (Sensor Measurement Lists) format. |
| [opendsme](./advanced/opendsme/README.md) | This example demonstrates the usage of the OpenDSME module in RIOT. |

## Examples from Guides

> Our guides [link here] walk you through small tutorials to get started. The following examples are the resulting code from completing their respective guide.

Author: I was frantically searching for whats wrong with that text but as I was about to write this comment I noticed it, lmao

> Our guides [link here] walk you through small tutorials to get started. The following examples are the resulting code from completing their respective guide.

Author: Link is now here: https://github.com/RIOT-OS/RIOT/pull/21434/commits/5b1c1e7f2d9f14ecb5d4c5b3fd04ac8e361f5135
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2912789d-d0b8-4c56-8fba-3599261224d1)
